---
layout: post
title: Week Diez 27 Mar - 02 Apr
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">02 April 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
This past week, I spent a lot of time catching up on homework and preparing for two tests. The Algorithms test turned out to be harder than I expected. However, the other test went well. My new project partner Darrin and I worked on Darwin. We set up the basic class structure and got to a point where we could initialize and print Darwin with all creatures.

### What will you do next week?
Next week, we will write code to simulate Darwin. This will include implementing a good design that asks objects to do something rather than asking information to do something. I will also be fixing a couple of bugs in [Desk](https://desk.education). This is regarding how we export the drawing strokes to a pdf as well as a savable state in iOS. This is going to be a challenging week.

### What's in your way?
We still need to iron out the design for Darwin without using getters and setters. Last week we were running into this problem. Prof. Downing suggested a solution which we will try to implement on Monday to see how it works. With the bugs in Desk, the issue is with synchronization in async code. On top it, it is open source code none of us have written. The meager knowledge we have of this open source code base is in my way to fix our bugs.

### What's my experience of the class?
I enjoyed the classes as usual. Last week I did better in my quizzes compared to other quizzes. I intend to keep this up. I have not attended the Attlasian talk so I cannot speak much about it. This week's best class of the week goes to...Wednesday's class! We talked about the internal implementation of Vector. Implementing one of the most used DS in C++ was quite interesting. It gave me some perspective on all the little nuances (like const and references) we need to be aware of when implementing a well designed class.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is from the Getters and Setters article: Think in terms of 'what can the class do for accomplishing the task' rather than 'what information can I get from the class do accomplish the task'. This makes a lot of sense. At [Desk](https://desk.education), we do it completely wrong. It is messy and I learned my lesson. I hope you do not make the same mistake.
