---
layout: post
title: Week dos 23 Jan - 29 Jan
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">29 Jan 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
I got my first perfect score in a quiz which I took last class (Yayy!). I learned a lot about iOS development and user feedback and testing through the startup I am part of. We conducted a user test for [Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNGwBlvc7iU&feature=youtu.be) which turned out to be super useful to our team. This week I also started working on the collatz assignment. I scored a 40 on the hacker rank contest. One thing I learned is that I have to plan better before I start coding. This would have avoided me a lot of time debugging the code.

### What's in your way?
I need to learn more about OpenGL and how to use multiple contexts together. This will help me speed up a 3000+ line gargantuan [Drawing Algorithm](https://github.com/adamwulf/JotUI) we use in Desk. With the class, the only thing that's in my way is to do better in the quizzes. They are tricky.

### What will you do next week?
Next week I will finish up the rest of the workflow for collatz, write some acceptance and user tests and submit the assignment. Other than class, I will be focussing on career fair preparation and taking a couple of interviews. Getting a summer internship is one of my top priorities this semester.

### What's my experience of the class?
I enjoy listening to Dr. Downing every class (although I do not have an option once I am in the class). He keeps the energy high enough to maintain my attention. From this week on in my blog, I will cover the best class of the week in this question. So this week, the best class is the one where we covered the workflow document. Something that intrigued me that class was software estimation and how hard it can be. From now on, I am going to make a rough estimation of every single project I do or feature I implement.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My tip-of-the-week is plan, break up the problem, devise a solution before you get your head into coding it up. I lost a good couple of hours debugging this week because I failed to plan better. Moreover, my satisfaction is indirectly proportional to the amount of time it takes to debug the code since I initially wrote it.
