---
layout: post
title: Week Doce 10 Apr - 16 Apr
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">16 April 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
Last week, I worked on OOP project 5 with my new teammate. We implemented an initial solution for ConwayCell harness. I also worked on [Desk](http://www.desk.education) last week. I refactored the code to implement proper encapsulation. However, I was not able to go for complete encapsulation of data members in the time I had available. I learned that refactoring in a large scale involves making a lot of small decisions which can be quite mentally draining.

### What will you do next week?
Next week, we will finish project 5. Since we already have Cell Class implemented, we just need to tweak our solution to work for the other two run harnesses. I will also finish up my Algorithms homework and then work on fixing some bugs on Desk.

### What's in your way?
Nothing much is in my way this week. I just need to put in the time and effort to finish up my tasks. Unless we hit a nasty bug on project 5, everything should be straightforward next week.

### What's my experience of the class?
I enjoyed last week's classes. For project 5, I ran into a few hurdles on how to implement the Cell class and how to design the Life class. However, the classes on Wednesday and Friday helped me a lot on overcoming these hurdles. The best class of the week goes to...Friday's class! Prof. Downing showed a neat way to provide different functionality for the same method in different derived classes (the clone() example). I thought this was brilliant compared to what we were doing with dynamic_casting.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My tip-of-the-week is to attend [Open Source Conference](http://oreil.ly/2nIClsO) (OSCON) here in Austin! If you are looking for a free expo hall pass, use the code OSCON17XPO. There is an unlimited amount of uses for that code. I'll see you there!
