---
layout: post
title: Week Cinco 13 Feb - 19 Feb
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">19 Feb 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
Past week was my heaviest week of this semester. I had a bunch of interviews, career fair, couple of exams and OOP Voting project submission. I rode through it all and now taking a breather. For this class, I finished the rest of the workflow for Voting project with Luke and I turned in the solution. I then studied for the quizzes harder than last week and got a little improvement in the scores. However, it is not where I want it to be yet.

### What's in your way?
For this class, low quiz performance is in my way. I might go talk to Dr. Downing tomorrow about it during his office hours. With [Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNGwBlvc7iU&feature=youtu.be), we need to figure out how to save our drawings and bring them back on screen when needed. Since we are using an open-source solution, we need to sniff through a ton of code to figure this out or contact a contributor of the project.

### What will you do next week?
Next week, I will go to Dr. Downing's office hours to talk about the quizzes. I will make a game plan for the exam that is coming up soon. Apart from the class, we have a Desk product user test this Thursday. I invite everyone to check it out by clicking [this!](https://www.facebook.com/events/780816822097107/) I will work on making out product ready for that. I also have a few more interviews I need to prepare for and attend.

### What's my experience of the class?
The class is going great. The quizzes are getting tougher. I missed a few points through silly mistakes. This week's best class of the week goes to...Lambdas class on Monday! Anonymous functions were always quite obscure to me especially when I encountered them in Javascript. From Monday's class, I have a solid understanding of Lambdas and Closures and their uses. They make it quite convenient to create new methods during runtime.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is from Friday's class: use "Type* const" pointers when pointing to newly allocated objects. This prevents pointers from being modified. This means that when you deallocate an object from memory through a pointer, you do not have to worry about the pointer pointing to some random location. This seems like a very important thing to do especially for someone like me who did not deal much with memory management. As Dr. Downing said, it converts a lethal run time error to a compile time error. Isn't that handy?
