---
layout: post
title: Week Ocho 05 Mar - 12 Mar
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">12 March 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
I worked on the allocator project with my new project partner Sam. We spent five hours coding. We implemented the allocate and valid methods in our allocator class. With [Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNGwBlvc7iU&feature=youtu.be), we implemented a handwriting to math functionality in our demo. The feedback we got from potential users was quite positive. We also prepared for [Startup Crawl](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/atx-startup-crawl-at-sxsw-2017-tickets-28123283498) by preparing our pitch and printing out business cards.

### What will you do next week?
Next week is about relaxing. I am with my cousins in North Carolina spending some family time and partying. By Wednesday, I will be back in Austin working on the OOP project and Desk. I will implement the deallocate function. I will fix the 'export to pdf' functionality on Desk. I will also solve my Algorithms homework.

### What's in your way?
I need to figure out an efficient way to check for adjacent free blocks when implementing the deallocate method. With the Algorithms homework, I need to do some reading on dynamic programming and network flow. I did not understand them well during the classes.

### What's my experience of the class?
This week's classes have been quite informative to figure out the next project. The best class of the week goes to...Wednesday's class! The discussion on array initialization was intriguing. Knowing that "new" does not allow using constructors other than the default constructor justifies the need for an allocator class. It separates allocation from construction of an object. This was helpful.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My tip of the week is checkout SXSW if you are staying in Austin for spring break! This [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11VJkS99VtNv7HhleLaZzrpgNDJHGeHUYYGSW0QciTbc/htmlview) gives a list of all the free events going on during SXSW. Have fun. Talk to people. Network. Cheers.
