---
layout: post
title: Week Seis 20 Feb - 26 Feb
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">26 Feb 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
Past week has been an exciting one. This was the week some of my hard work paid off. I got an SDE intern offer from Amazon which I am quite content with. Apart from the fruits of my work, I have contributed a bunch to [Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNGwBlvc7iU&feature=youtu.be)'s code base adding some functionality. For this class, I finally bought the class textbook and read a chapter to prepare for the exam. I have also attended all the classes and took the quizzes as usual.

### What's in your way?
We have an OOP exam next week. I have no idea how the format is going to be. I think that is in my way to prepare well for this exam. With Desk, after getting a lot of user and professor feedback we realized we do not have a killer feature that most of our users would pay for. So this is in our way to make a product that is useful for STEM students.

### What will you do next week?
Next week, I have an Algorithms homework as well as an OOP exam. I will prepare extensively for the exam because I expect it to be tough. I might stop by Dr. Downing's office hours tomorrow to get some insight on the exam. With Desk, I am fixing some bugs that came out of the features we implemented last week. I don't know how long it might take.

### What's my experience of the class?
I am enjoying the classes as always. This week's best class of the week goes to...lecture on classes on Friday! I know about classes and object creation but never had such an in-depth exposure to it. The class helped me fill some gaps I had with my object oriented programming knowledge. One example of this is when we went over the methods we get for free in a class. That gave me a good perspective on how classes work in C++.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My tip-of-the-week this time may be quite cliche but it can be a reminder for whoever is reading this. It is to just keep pushing without attaching yourself a lot to the results. I got rejected by about 12-15 companies I interviewed with this year before I landed an offer (at Amazon) that I am satisfied with. You may be going through something similar in your life. This week I just want to be a reminder that things do pay off when you just keep pushing. Cheers.
