---
layout: post
title: Week Las Cuatro 06 Feb - 12 Feb
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">12 Feb 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
I have worked on Voting Project with my partner on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Turns out we are a great team together. We got a simple solution implemented within 7 hours of working together. We are timing out on one test case which we should fix next week.

### What's in your way?
I have consistently performed poorly in the quizzes last week. I need to up my game on that. Pay more attention to the questions and be more prepared. Also the drawing algorithm I have been working on is still troubling us at [Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNGwBlvc7iU&feature=youtu.be). Now it works fast but we need to scale it along with the "paper" in the app.

### What will you do next week?
Next week is a busy one. I will prepare for the two exams I have next week, go to the career fair and FOCS dinner, finish and submit OOP project 2. If I have time I will work on my sprint this week for Desk.

### What's my experience of the class?
Class has been going great. It is still one of the classes I enjoy coming to. However, the quizzes have been a problem. They are proving to be trickier. I need to spend more time reviewing the material before going to class. Also I missed one of the quizzes because I was late to class. I need to plan ahead so I can avoid such blunders. Overall, I am learning a lot about C++ and subtleties in various languages. Oh, and the best class of this week goes to...(drum roll) Wednesday's class! I found the template types (T, U) intriguing.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My tip-of-the-week is network, network, network. I am sure Dr. Downing would want us to do it too. I just got offered an internship at a pretty cool startup in Houston. The way I got it was purely through networking (through an organization I was part of). To find such hidden opportunities, one has to network.
