---
layout: post
title: Week Tres 30 Jan - 05 Feb
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">05 Feb 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
I attended the Engineering Expo and waiting to hear back from the companies. I was (still am!) dating with nasty bugs (regarding our drawing algorithm) in the iPad app I am building as part of [Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNGwBlvc7iU&feature=youtu.be). I turned in my first project in OOP by going through the rigorous workflow. I also found a partner for project 2!

### What's in your way?
I have not yet figured out a schedule with my project-mate Luke to work on project 2. Hope we don't have any schedule conflicts. Knowledge of iOS, Swift and OpenGL is in my way to tackle the bugs I am facing. I am having to go into deep weeds of the ecosystem to figure it out. A TON of Stack Overflow-ing. I could use a lot of help from an experienced iOS dev.

### What will you do next week?
Get our drawing algorithm for Desk faster at all costs, even if it means switching to a completely new solution. Also make it smoother. Next week, I would like to have at least 4-6 hours of work time with Luke working on Voting Project. Also, I would like to prepare for the upcoming career fair by practicing coding questions and researching companies.

### What's my experience of the class?
As I said last week, to keep things interesting I will post about what I think is the best class of the week. The best class of this week goes to...the Bloomberg talk class. For a change, it was fun listening to how people are using technology and languages like C++ in the industry. I felt motivated seeing a person in his Freshman year get an internship at a company like Bloomberg. If a Freshman could to it, I could do it too!! I do wonder how he set himself apart in his first year of college to get the offer.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is pass by reference! Blew my mind (a little bit). Until Friday's class, I only thought a language is either pass by value or pass by reference but never both. In C++, I thought if we wanted to pass by reference we need to send the object's pointer. This literally adds a new tool in my programming toolkit.
