---
layout: post
title: Week Once 03 Apr - 09 Apr
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">09 April 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
I worked a lot on the OOP project and an essay last week. My teammate and I were stuck on an obscure bug on Darwin. We were just staring at various diffs of acceptance tests for two days to figure it out. We finally fixed it at 2am on Thursday and then turned it in about 30 minutes before deadline. With [Desk](https://desk.education), we rolled out our first beta! We built this homework solving environment for STEM students like you. If you have an iPad and would like to try it out, please reach out to me!

### What will you do next week?
Next week, I will find another teammate and get started on project 5. I am excited to know what its about. Also, I will be using some of my knowledge from this class to refactor the code for Desk. Right now its mostly spaghetti code without any data encapsulation. I will be following the SOLID principles we learnt from the readings. Wish me luck!

### What's in your way?
I still need to find a partner for my next project. I hope that goes well. With Desk, we need to acquire more beta users to get feedback and get an insight on how much value we actually create for users. Other than these two concerns, there is not much in my way next week.

### What's my experience of the class?
The class is fun as usual. This week we went into fine grained details of C++. I am especially referring to the nuances of function overloading and move constructors. It was good to know them but I doubt if I will ever use that knowledge. The best class of this week goes to...Monday's class on vector Allocator. We learned how vector uses containment to manage its allocator. I also learned about default values for functions as well as template types which is quite handy. I have used this knowledge in writing some Swift code this week.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is this [talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMuno5RZNeE) on OOP by [Bob Martin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Cecil_Martin). In this video he defines the actual purpose of OO (it is not about encapsulation, modeling programs into how we think or inheritance). He then talks about the SOLID principles which is a refresher on the articles we read. I think he is an entertaining person to listen to and he changed some of my beliefs about OO. So, I recommend you check it out!
