---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - The Appeal of a Value Investor
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">18 June 2017 - Austin</p>

## Recap of My Week
I have been making progress on my internship project. I am putting in a decent eight hours of work each day and nothing more. My rationale is that if I work too hard to just get a return offer, I will have to work harder to do well in a full-time role there. I was in Dallas over the weekend for a surprise birthday party of my cousin's husband. I had a good time there and also noticed something curious. In the community I was surrounded by, I noticed a lot of 'fitting in.' Most of my cousin's friends drive a luxury car, own a huge house and have a couple of kids. This includes my cousin too. The surprise parties also occur across the community whenever someone hits a milestone (like turning 40). This is the social norm they are surrounded with. Most people find nothing wrong with it. However, I have a tinge of stoic within me that did not like it. Making such expensive parties and lifestyle part of one's life means to create a dependency on something that can be taken away easily - money. I have an urge to fit in as well. So do most humans. Sometimes we just have to redirect that urge with rationality. Having friends that understand that helps.

## Another Observation
Over the weekend, I enjoyed spending time with two cute little kids. The best part was just looking at those kids be themselves. Whenever you give non-judgemental attention to somebody, you automatically have pleasant feelings for that person (try it if you never have!). Being non-judgemental is hard (just by the nature of human mind). Due to cultural and social norms, giving unwavering attention to people is harder. I noticed that I can get away with staring at a kid for a long time because nobody thinks its wierd. However, that is not the case with paying attention to adults. When I try giving continuous attention to a grown-up, I freak out soon just by thinking the other person may think I am being wierd. However, this continuous attention allows for genuine relationships to form based on caring. It feels very good too which adds to my quality of life. I observed that this is why I like being around kids. I am sure this can be extended to adults as well. To do that, I have to deal with my [fear of intimacy](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/margaret-paul-phd/fear-of-intimacy_b_884536.html).

## The Appeal of a Value Investor


### Tip of the Week
I was introduced to the world of investing by reading [Intelligent Investor](https://www.amazon.com/Intelligent-Investor-Book-Practical-Counsel/dp/0060155477) by Ben Graham and a biography on Warren Buffett. This was almost two years ago. However, I did not start investing until I read a small guide on [Fundamental Analysis](https://zerodha.com/varsity/module/fundamental-analysis/). My tip is to check out this guide! I kick started my stock research from the tips in this guide. This is a great place to start if you are looking to get your feet wet as an individual investor.
