---
layout: post
title: Week Trece 17 Apr - 23 Apr
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">23 April 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
Last week, I finished the last OOP project. We found our last bugs and completed the HackerRank contest on Tuesday. By Wednesday night we turned it in. Drawing the UML diagram helped me a lot in understanding our implementation. With [Desk](http://www.desk.education), I fixed a few bugs and talked to a lot of mentors on next steps. We are trying to get more downloads on the app store. Currently, we are at 30.

### What will you do next week?
Next, I will spend some time reviewing OOP material. This is to prepare for the upcoming exam. I will also finish my last Algorithms homework. With Desk, I will work on fixing a memory leak. Swift does not deallocate memory properly in our app. This means we have some rogue references to objects lying around during runtime.

### What's in your way?
For the Algorithms homework, I need to figure out how to approach the problem set because I missed the discussion section on Friday. The memory leak with Desk is actually quite troublesome. We have five references to an object somewhere in the codebase when there should be none. We need to figure out how these references are created to debug the memory leak.

### What's my experience of the class?
The class has been going quite good. I especially liked this week's material. I learned a lot about inheritance and overriding functions in C++. Knowing this would have been quite helpful for project 5. We could have used this knowledge to write much better code for our project. So moving this material a week ahead on the class schedule will be quite helpful for students taking this class next semester.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
A great software engineer needs great tools. My tip-of-this-week is one such tool we use with Desk: [Fastlane](https://fastlane.tools/). This is a tool for automating your android or ios builds. This tool saves a lot of time for us in creating and deploying a build to the appstore. So check it out if you are building an app for android or ios!
