---
layout: post
title: Week uno 16 Jan - 22 Jan
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">22 Jan 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
I attended my first CS371p class on Wednesday. Though it was a big class, I barely knew about ten people. Lot of potential to make new friends! In class, we went over C++ basics and the tools we will be using like git, github, TravisCI, etc. Since software development is what I enjoy, this is the class I am most excited about this semester.

### What's in your way?
On the second class last Friday, I missed the quiz because I was late by 5 minutes. To make sure that does not happen, I need to rush from my Algorithms discussion on every Friday. Another thing that is in my way is to prepare for tomorrow's quiz before class.

### What will you do next week?
Next week I will do the readings for OOP. Along with that I will be writing a bunch of Swift code for developing [Desk] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNGwBlvc7iU&feature=youtu.be), a student startup I am involved in.

### What's my experience of the class?
I am enjoying it so far. I value the tips the Professor gave us, especially about testing code and how to use asserts. I learned a great deal about the intricacies of C++ which I will likely not remember after I finish this class. Apart from the subtleties of C++, I think the class has a lot more to offer. I would like to focus my learning on that.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is to use asserts for programmer errors but **not** for user errors. This boils down to common sense but I never heard anyone put it this way.
