---
layout: post
title: Cryptocurrencies
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">09 August 2017 - Raleigh</p>

## Observations During My Week
I came to Raleigh this week to spend time with my family. We had a huge family gathering last weekend and it went on until Tuesday. It was a lot of good food, drinks, games, laughter and catching up with each other. Looking through my 'quality of life' lens, the gathering both improved and impeded my quality of life. We played Volleyball and Tennis which was fun. Games put me out of my thinking brain which improves my quality of life. I had both good and bad food (all of which tasted great). I indulged myself in too much sugar, processed food and just more food than I needed to eat. It created either lethargy or a high [resting pulse](https://www.health.harvard.edu/blog/resting-heart-rate-can-reflect-current-future-health-201606179806) which decreases my quality of life. The good food was lots of freshly prepared food with various vegetables. I did not sense an immediate increase in my vitality but I enjoyed eating the variety of freshly made curries (which I do not have back at college). I gained good memories which I can pleasantly reminisce. In my opinion, it boosts my quality of life. During the weekend, I moved towards compulsiveness. I drank too much, slept late, ate whenever and whatever I wanted to. Compulsive acts like these are the biggest destroyer of my quality of life because living and facing challenges gets harder. Compulsive acts breed a hazy mind that cannot think and act intentionally with my best interests. Without compulsions, most life situations become a breeze because my mind is completely free to act however I need to. Whenever I go on a vacation with family or friends, I need to minimize my compulsive behavior. I want to take this away from my experience.

## Cryptocurrencies
Recently, I have been hearing about [cryptocurrencies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptocurrency) like [bitcoin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitcoin) and all their hype. Initially, I got quite bullish about them and decided to buy a bitcoin. However, I changed my mind after watching this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fd0TqkW7qHg&t=9s) by [Aswath Damodaran](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aswath_Damodaran). I learned that I was looking at bitcoin more through the lens of hype, current market sentiment and as an asset with growth momentum. As mentioned in the video, I need to ask myself which cryptocurrency will be adopted by most of the marketplace? which one will provide the least overhead? Which one will be most stable? This is important because cryptocurrencies are worth the hype only if they are used for day to day transactions. The one that is adopted the most by buyers and more importantly sellers will prevail. I will do my research based on these criteria. Until then, I am holding off from buying although I am quite bullish over cryptocurrencies.
