---
layout: post
title: Week Nueve 20 Mar - 26 Mar
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">12 March 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
Past week was quite busy. I was working on project 3 with Sam. We implemented the deallocate function and debugged our implementation for quite a while. We also had an intricate logic error that was failing most of the tests on HackerRank. We weren't able to replicate the error in our testing framework for a long time. We finally figured it out on Thursday, cleaned up our code and submitted the project on Friday. Sam was a great person to work with. The rest of the time, I was working on Algo homework or on [Desk](http://desk.education).

### What will you do next week?
Next week will be busier than past week. I will be preparing for two exams I have on Thursday. I will work on project 4 which I do not know anything about yet. With Desk, I will be working on the last set of features needed before we publish the app.

### What's in your way?
I need to find a partner for project 4. So if you are looking for one or know someone who is, message me! One of my exams this week is Algorithms. I do not understand all of the concepts that will be tested on. I need to figure out all of the proofs and concepts before I can start practicing sample questions.

### What's my experience of the class?
Last week's classes were great. I missed class on Friday which was the only class I missed in the past month. Unfortunately, that was also the only class in the past month my roll call attendance was taken. Hard luck. This week's best class of the week goes to...Wednesday's class on memory management! I enjoyed the analogies Prof. Downing gave regarding memory management (like comparing it with a car's transmission). I also found the discussion on advantages of using heap and risks with C++ delete quite helpful. It gave me motivation to use vectors whenever possible.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My tip-of-the-week is a podcast I listen to. It is called [The Investors Podcast](https://www.theinvestorspodcast.com/). If you are interested in investing, this is an amazing podcast that focuses on value investing (how Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, etc made their money). Even if you are not interested in investing, it is still a great podcast you can checkout. Most of their episodes are on broadly focused books or on quite interesting people who are not just investors.
