---
layout: post
title: Week Siete 27 Feb - 04 Mar
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">04 March 2017 - Austin</p>

### What did you do this past week?
Last week I spent a good amount of time studying for the OOP test. Also UT Entrepreneurship Week was this past week. I was part of the organizing team for it. I was tweaking [the schedule app](https://github.com/y2kpr/eweekapp) I created for it and making some final changes. Along with that I spent some time fixing bugs on [Desk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNGwBlvc7iU&feature=youtu.be).

### What will you do next week?
Next week, I will be working with Desk dev team to add a handwriting to math functionality. By talking to our potential users, we figured out this was something a lot of people wanted. Also, I will be working with my new OOP partner to start working on project 3. We would like to knock it off before spring break. I'm eager to know what the project is going to be.

### What's in your way?
I do not know what next project is going to be about to get started on it. However, it is a trivial thing that is in my way. With Desk, we would like to figure out the best way to integrate a handwriting recognition API we found online into our app. Apart from that, there is not much in my way next week. I am all ready for spring break!

### What's my experience of the class?
The test was not bad. Due the intel from previous semester students, I was expecting a coding based exam. I was surprised to see all multiple choice questions. However, I think I did fine. I especially liked the feeling of seeing my score right after I finished it. I was spared the weight of anticipating a good grade.

### What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?
My pick-of-the-week is Ken Robinson's [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDZFcDGpL4U) on education. His take on our system of education is quite fascinating. I especially liked his comparison of public education with a factory that 'produces' educated people. He mentions a statistic to show that after going through schooling most people lose the ability to think out of the box (a.k.a creativity). Is this what we want in the future where automation is going to replace the need for everything but a person's creativity (at least for a while)?
