---
layout: post
title: Reflecting on 2017 Investment Decisions
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="meta">14 February 2018 - Raleigh</p>

I am back on this blog after a long time. I wanted to write one since January 1st and it is happening now. As we can clearly see, my resolve to write a new post every week waned pretty quickly (in 10 weeks to be precise). From now on, I will be posting whenever something is blog-worthy. Going for quality over quantity. I use my personal journal to jot down thoughts on a more regular basis.

With the dawn of a new year, many like to make resolutions in changing something or starting something new. However, I would like to use the new year to just reflect and learn from my mistakes. Specifically, I want to do this on my investment decisions. 2017 has been a pivotal year that I will remember in years to come because this is when I started putting my money into the markets. It has been a great learning experience so far. I am enjoying it (although I am surfing on the waves of a bull market when I am saying this). Let's look at my decisions in 2017 one after the other and critic them.

1. **Dec 2016: bought VTI and VOO shares with $1000 and SIP of $100 every month.** This was the first money I put into the stock market. As most novices do, I started with the index investing route. I got a decent 20% return until now. I think it is a wise and safe decision. However, I reduced my holding by 50% and moved it to other holdings now.

2. **May 2017: bought KPIT 414 shares @ 121 INR (avg 50k INR). Oct 2017: exited KPIT @ 138 INR and put that money in Kellton Tech @ 100 INR (70k INR)** KPIT was my first individual stock pick and did the most extensive research on it compared to my other stocks. I found it on a [screener](https://www.screener.in/screens/182/Undervalued-Growth-Stocks/). I made sure the company was solid (no obvious red flags) and then ran a conservative DCF that showed me a fair value around 150 INR. I assumed the company would meet its reported growth numbers and bought into it. Buying at multiple price points helped lower my average cost. I think I have made a mistake selling KPIT too early. I saw Kellton Tech, another solid IT company that was undervalued to have more growth potential than KPIT. So I decided to sell KPIT for Kellton. Though I still believe Kellton is a better investment, I made a mistake in selling KPIT for Kellton instead of buying it using cash in my portfolio. I say this because I knew KPIT still had potential to go up (at least to 150 INR according to my DCF). However, I did not know when it will happen and I feared holding two IT companies at once (IT companies are out of favor in current Indian markets). KPIT is now trading around 210 INR. I spotted the value (or am I fooled by randomness?) but jumped off the bus too early. **The lesson I learned is that when there is still potential in an investment, never sell it for another one PROVIDED there is cash lying around.**

3. **June, July 2017: small holdings in Jaicorp, Menon Bearings and MOIL.** I sold Jaicorp in a few weeks after I got suspicious on their subsidiaries' book-keeping. It went up 120% since then but I do not regret it (as Buffett says, I am happy not holding something I do not understand). I still hold MOIL and it is my smallest holding. I sold Menon Bearings at 15-20% profit. I do not want to do small positions in a bunch of companies because I do not have the mental bandwidth to think about all of them. So I stick to 4-5 big positions (curious to see how this will serve me in the future).

4. **June, July 2017: bought Divis Labs @ 650 INR (100k INR).** I made a [post](https://y2kpr.github.io/2017/07/09/week5.html) about this pick a while ago and it played out exactly how I expected (could be random or good intuition. At this point, I do not know). I am doing about 70% in profit and still holding it. The confidence I get in myself when I look back to how I made this decision (no analyst or friend suggested buying this) is more important than the money I made out of it. It helps me trust in my decisions. I still believe in the company, its competitive advantage and the management. They have to get their profits and growth back up. Let's see how this year plays out for them.

5. **July 2017: bought Mahanagar Gas 42 shares @ 979 INR.** This is a natural gas company in Mumbai that owns all of the filling stations and natural gas pipelines in the greater Mumbai area. So the company has a HUGE moat and I paid a higher multiple compared to the other ones. I bought it mainly on analyst and a cousin recommendation. However, with the Indian government planning to go [all EV](http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/03/technology/future/india-electric-cars/index.html) by 2030 and the solar energy initiatives, I am losing confidence in the longevity of the company. There is still a lot of time for the disruptions to occur and I am planning to exit when I think it is overvalued. I do not have great gut feelings about it.

6. **August 2017: bought Karnataka Bank 396 shares @ 137 INR (54k INR).** India is still largely [unbanked](https://scroll.in/article/822464/demonetisation-indias-unbanked-population-would-be-the-worlds-7th-largest-country) and this is a bank that focuses on rural areas (or at least tells it does) which is where most of the unbanked are. I wanted to be part of the huge tailwind for banking in India but still at minimal risk. So I picked Karnataka Bank which is trading below 1 times price to book ratio (which means I am getting their assets for lower than what it was worth). Another sense of confidence I have in this company is that a [prominent investor](https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/expert-view/expecting-karnataka-bank-to-be-a-multibagger-vijay-kedia-kedia-securities/articleshow/55025767.cms) invested in the company at similar prices that I did. I am planning to hold on to this one for a long time.

7. **Speculations in cryptocurrencies with $1000.** I do not want to go deep into this but I learned a lot through the speculations and got to witness a bubble first-hand. I made 6x my money and then lost half of it in the recent crash. I am still holding on to the coins I believe in  (FunFair, Civic and Bitcoin) and I may write a post about it.

Overall there are seven big investment decisions I made this year. I am debating whether I should include the smaller buy and sell decisions. I think I should not because they were part of the decision making process. I have observed that I am still evaluating whether to hold something even after buying it and changing my mind and selling within weeks does not mean that it was a decision. I want to keep the number of such investment decisions I make in a year to single digits (taking from Charlie Munger). Let's see how this model works out for me.
